Update download count explanation (#1261)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-download-stats.md

## How are download stats generated for models?

Counting the number of downloads for models is not a trivial task, as a single model repository might contain multiple files, including multiple model weight files (e.g., with sharded models) and different formats depending on the library (GGUF, PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.). To avoid double counting downloads (e.g., counting a single download of a model as multiple downloads), the Hub uses a set of query files that are employed for download counting. No information is sent from the user, and no additional calls are made for this. The count is done server-side as the Hub serves files for downloads.

Every HTTP request to these files, including `GET` and `HEAD`, will be counted as a download. By default, when no library is specified, the Hub uses `config.json` as the default query file. Otherwise, the query file depends on each library, and the Hub might examine files such as `pytorch_model.bin` and `adapter_config.json`. 

## Which are the query files for different libraries?

> By default, the Hub looks at `config.json`, `config.yaml`, `hyperparams.yaml`, and `meta.yaml`. Some libraries override these defaults by specifying their own filter (specifying `countDownloads`), which is open-source and can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/model-libraries.ts). For example, for the `nemo` library, all files with `nemo` extension are used to count downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Hub looks at `config.json`, `config.yaml`, `hyperparams.yaml`, and `meta.yaml`. Some libraries override these defaults by specifying their own filter (specifying `countDownloads`). The code that defines these overrides is open-source and can be found [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/model-libraries.ts). For example, for the `nemo` library, all files with `.nemo` extension are used to count downloads.
```

Reviewer: i would try to make that link a little more visible/emphasized given it's the most important part of this doc page

Author: Good point, I added an extra section to increase visibility of this

## How are `GGUF` files handled?

> GGUF files are not tied to a single library, so all of them are counted for downloads. This will double count downloads in the case a user performs cloning of a whole repository, but most users and interfaces download a single GGUF file for a given repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GGUF files are self-contained and are not tied to a single library, so all of them are counted for downloads. This will double count downloads in the case a user performs cloning of a whole repository, but most users and interfaces download a single GGUF file for a given repo.
```

## How are download stats generated for models?

Counting the number of downloads for models is not a trivial task, as a single model repository might contain multiple files, including multiple model weight files (e.g., with sharded models) and different formats depending on the library (GGUF, PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.). To avoid double counting downloads (e.g., counting a single download of a model as multiple downloads), the Hub uses a set of query files that are employed for download counting. No information is sent from the user, and no additional calls are made for this. The count is done server-side as the Hub serves files for downloads.

> Every HTTP request to these files, including `GET` and `HEAD`, will be counted as a download. By default, when no library is specified, the Hub uses `config.json` as the default query file. Otherwise, the query file depends on each library, and the Hub might examine files such as `pytorch_model.bin` and `adapter_config.json`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every HTTP request to these files, including `GET` and `HEAD`, will be counted as a download. By default, when no library is specified, the Hub uses `config.json` as the default query file. Otherwise, the query file depends on each library, and the Hub might examine files such as `pytorch_model.bin` or `adapter_config.json`. 
```

## Which are the query files for different libraries?

> By default, the Hub looks at `config.json`, `config.yaml`, `hyperparams.yaml`, and `meta.yaml`. Some libraries override these defaults by specifying their own filter (specifying `countDownloads`). The code that defines these overrides is open-source and can be found . For example, for the `nemo` library, all files with `.nemo` extension are used to count downloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the Hub looks at `config.json`, `config.yaml`, `hyperparams.yaml`, and `meta.yaml`. Some libraries override these defaults by specifying their own filter (specifying `countDownloads`). The code that defines these overrides is [open-source](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/model-libraries.ts). For example, for the `nemo` library, all files with `.nemo` extension are used to count downloads.
```

Adding back the link here, it was lost in a previous revision but `can be found` remained in place.
